Week 1
I would like to learn more about having a client and the interaction between client and team, and this will come naturally during the course.

When i realise something important i share it with the group. Otherwise help out when other people are stuck or when i see them
doing something wrong guide them in the right direction.

Well we just started the scrum and does not have a project yet so not much at the moment,
but I will use it in the future when we have a project to start planning on.

This week i was active in the meetings and was the “ordförande” of one of our meetings,
since we have not started the code or such i have not contributed towards that.
Later on i will be more involved in the coding and keep the activity in meetings high.



Week 2
This week we have mostly been working towards deciding the project and the PO, so the scrum has not been used.

I was away for easter this week so i was not as active in the meetings,
but i was there when we decided to change our idea and set up the base for the assignment.



Week 3
I would like to learn more about CSS, and will do so by using it here and also practicing it in a course im TA in.

I have created some of the checklists for acceptance criterea for the user stories and assesed the time each will take.
Since much of the work this week was planning not much has changed on the scrum.

I have been part of the creation of the sketches and made the darkmode sketch which we will pursue as our first colour theme.



Week 4
this week i created the boxes, fixed dragging boxes across the canvas, added a context menu that adds boxes,
this creates a nice base for the coming weeks work



Week 5
This week I noticed some patterns in a teammates code that was unneccesary and made it the code harder to understand
so i gave some tips on how to change that and it was well recieved.

I held the meeting with our stakeholder, been involved in all our meetings and such.

this week i have made arrows in the frontend, modularized the anchorpoints on the boxes and wired them up to make arrows.
I also added interfaces, abstract classes and enums to the frontend so we can add them to the UML.



Week 6
This week i was unable to attend one of our meetings, and did not do much more than be a part of the rest of the meetings

This week i did not do as much since i have been putting down 140% of the time predicted for me each week before,
but i fixed some pliancy and set up a framework for arrows moving with boxes.



Week 7
This week we reprioritized to make sure the product is polished at the end of the course, i was a part of this reprioritizing
even if our PO had the last word. Otherwise i was a part of all our meetings and was the "ordförande" at one of them.

I have made boxes resize depending on content and made the anchorpoints update with the size.
I have also spent a lot of time with Elmo connecting my work in the frontend with the things he made in backend so things work not just look good.



Week 8
This week i saw a bug in our Scrum that when a textfield is deselected things sould update, i knew i had the solution to this in an old
program i made a while ago, so i sent that piece of code to the person working with that bug and it was very well recieved.

This week we went through the functionality we still had left to see if something was important to get done ASAP for our PO to get those done,
and otherwise make sure previous weeks work properly.
This was appriciated by the PO since he saw that this was necessary to ensure value for him.
Otherwise he said priority should be on ironing out bugs and making everything else work 100%
I have taken a bit of a backseat when it comes to the final team reflection, since it is hard to work 7 people at the same time.

I worked a lot on buggfixing this week, but also added multiplicity to the arrows.



Final thought:
Every week we have had discussions with our PO about the state of the project, what he thought about it, what his priorities were,
so we could update our scrum so that we prioritized our user stories correctly.
We also asked a lot of questions about how he wanted the layout to be or the controls to work.
On our meetings we Reflected on last weeks user stories, checked our acceptance criterea and assesed how big the coming userstories were.

I was a big part of all these discussions but did not take any notice of them in my weekly reflections above.

Even though i was "ordförade" a couple of meetings i would say i was not a driving force towards our meetings,
i was active and made sure to make my voice heard but did not plan meetings and such.
I think this is since i came into more of a coding role where i coded a lot and did not have as much responsibility towards holding meetings and such.
This happend because other people in the group was more interested in leading the project than i was.
Also i made the boxes and arrows in the beginning and they were a bit of a black box for the other frontend devs,
and since these parts are a big part of our program i had a lot to do there.
