At the end of this work week, the team was forced to deal with a really weird version control issue.
This was eventually found to be an issue with how Github Desktop does not allow the user to literally remove
a commit, and instead allows for the creation of an "undo-commit", which just does the reverse of the commit to be undone.
In this case, a team member decided to undo a merge-commit, causing a large amount of work to dissapear whenever their
branch was merged back into our "Production" branch.

All this rambling is here to justify why I think it is reasonable to say that the thing I'd like to understand better
is "why the 'undo commit' command even exists", even though actually reaching an understanding of this is likely impossible.

On a similar note, I'll try to make sure that no more undo-commits occur during the project by informing the rest of
the team of their danger when I feel it is a good time to do so.
During our refactoring process which took place over this week I continued my "role" as "code advisor" as described in
previous reflections. It still feels somewhat odd to be relied upon like this, but it seems to be working out, so I don't really mind.

On the topic of refactoring, it feels important to point out that we cut a lot of planned features at the start of this week.
Personally, I'd always felt a bit iffy on their inclusion in the project, since a fair few of them were proposed by the team
rather than the PO, which made for rather odd conversations where it felt like we were convincing him of why they should be
part of the program. Of course, this made me fairly vocal once the topic of removing them from our planning came up.
I definitely recognise that I could have (and almost certainly should have) brought up this topic myself, but I suppose
that is an experience to remember for the future. At the same time, I don't have any major misgivings towards our remaining
plans for the project, so this isn't really a point to actively work on for the remainder of the course.

Other than that, my contributions towards our use of Scrum has not changed much, and there's nothing I can think of at the moment
that I'd like to change about this.

I spent this week helping out with the refactoring of our Backend and polishing up the class file used for our file system,
making it a lot more readable and easier to alter in the future.
Most of the refactoring job was done by the remaining members of the backend-team over voice chat, So there wasn't a massive
amount of work for me to do this week (until the bugs at the end happened). I would say that I'd like to find more things to do
during the remaining project, but our plan for next week will end up with me burdened with some fairly tricky work, so that
reflection is already null and void.